Update Blog post for scoped elements (#1224)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2022-02-18-paper-elements.md

We are converting our codebase from the deprecated `paper` elements to the new [Material Web Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components) from Google. This is to keep our frontend up to date with the latest components and features.

## What should custom cards do?

> Our advice is to bundle the Material Web Components in your custom card using [Scoped Custom Element Registry](https://github.com/lit/lit/tree/main/packages/labs/scoped-registry-mixin) as the Home Assistant Frontend now loads the [polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry) needed for this to work. This will allow any custom card to utilize the same MWC elements that are used in the Lovelace Editors. You can see an example of this usage in the [Boilerplate Card](https://github.com/custom-cards/boilerplate-card). Other HA elements like the Icon Picker (ha-icon-picker) are not supported in this same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our advice is to bundle the Material Web Components in your custom card using [Scoped Custom Element Registry](https://github.com/lit/lit/tree/main/packages/labs/scoped-registry-mixin). The Home Assistant Frontend loads the [polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry) needed for this to work starting with the release of Home Assistant 2022.3.

  This will allow any custom card to utilize the same MWC elements that are used in the Lovelace Editors. You can see an example of this usage in the [Boilerplate Card](https://github.com/custom-cards/boilerplate-card). Other HA elements like the icon picker (`<ha-icon-picker>`) are not supported in this same way.
```

We are converting our codebase from the deprecated `paper` elements to the new [Material Web Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components) from Google. This is to keep our frontend up to date with the latest components and features.

## What should custom cards do?

Our advice is to bundle the Material Web Components in your custom card using [Scoped Custom Element Registry](https://github.com/lit/lit/tree/main/packages/labs/scoped-registry-mixin). The Home Assistant Frontend loads the [polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry) needed for this to work starting with the release of Home Assistant 2022.3.

>   This will allow any custom card to utilize the same MWC elements that are used in the Lovelace Editors. You can see an example of this usage in the [Boilerplate Card](https://github.com/custom-cards/boilerplate-card). Other HA elements like the icon picker (`<ha-icon-picker>`) are not supported in this same way.

Author: ```suggestion
This will allow any custom card to utilize the same MWC elements that are used in the Lovelace Editors. You can see an example of this usage in the [Boilerplate Card](https://github.com/custom-cards/boilerplate-card). Other HA elements like the icon picker (`<ha-icon-picker>`) are not supported in this same way.
```
